Some example improvements (#1225)
o1-labs/o1js: src/examples/internals/README.md

# Examples: Internals

> This folder contains examples which highlight inner workings and less-documented behaviours of o1js.
> 
> These examples might be useful for advanced users and contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains examples that highlight the inner workings and less-documented behaviors of o1js.

These examples might be useful for advanced users and contributors.

Run the examples with `npm run build`.
```

Reviewer: @mitschabaude It was only yesterday when I saw the description in https://github.com/o1-labs/o1js/issues/1222 that I knew we had runnable examples... we might not need the "Run the examples with..." here, but perhaps at a top-level?

Author: that's not correct :D but good idea to add an isntruction how to run examples! I'll add it to the top level examples folder
